
Start a cyptofundme
FUNCTION

In campaign details process:

show category error when none is choosen 
is a user allow to create two or more campaign with identical details, atleast not while the campaign is still active or pending
(This is backend)

It should throw a more readable alert when the link is invalid.
or the submit function shouldn't fire at all?

can't seem to go back from start a cryptofundme page, campaign details page, using the phone back icon but the arrow at the navbar works 

after the campaign has been created the next page where you can view campaign
there should be a way to go back to home on mobile.

UI
campaign details:
category select element background sholud be transparent(might be due to phone ui difference)

when not connected, the connect wallet backdrop doesnt cover the navbar
cant seem to create campaign on mobile it showing network error.

on choosing the second image only it still throw the error PLEASE SELECT ONE IMAGE since banner image is the neccesary one the error should include banner image not one image




Fundraiser Page
UI 
placeholder for image while till loading
also lazy loading can be applied for faster loading of the page.




Details Page
UI
video should cover the whole space, if not maybe a background matching youtube background like black or any other color to leaving no white space under

placeholder for image in the slider while it still loading

if possible can video stop playing , after swiping to another image on the slide?

Share modal position,The share modal position on tab screen > 768px the modal seem to be far down

Donation list , Everything is overflow scroll , shouldnt it just be the list and vertical?

Doesnt show the coin donated on the donation list and word of encouragement




Donation Page
UI
Donation modal should scroll up on overflow, so user can scroll to find cancel icon or the icon should be in the box ?

Donation modal heading between 768px and 1024px scattered

function
length limitation of donor name

can there be a minimum value that can be donated because someone cant just put fractions of cent like $0.001 

spacing top and bottom so users with medium creen height can scroll to see the cancel icon

from 360px below donation modal content scatters




Appreciation Page
UI
Appreciation comment input should be textearea should the text can flex down
long figures should be abbreviated or truncate or rounded.

FUNCTION
user should be able to return to add comment after viewing receipt




HomePage 
UI
Placeholder for stat on homepage to prevent jumping of content. eg 0 until the figures are fetched

Default template when there is no campaign in a particular campaign like what we have in fundraiser

Top and recent Donation are not showing 
abrreviation for long time in top and recent donation list.

Tab to mobile 
the first section there seem to be an issue with the height causing the content to go beyond the screen height, it also seem to be set to overflow hidden.

onMobile the account dropdown in the sidebar Doesnt close on clicking outside
when you navigate to profile or campaign using the dropdown if you navigate back to home using the arrow icon the side bar and the dropDown still show